autoline daily is brought to you by Bosh
the number of clean diesel models at
North America will double by 2014 Bosh
clean diesel good clean fun bridgestone
your journey our passion and by Dow
automotive systems improving durability
and increasing design flexibility with
beta mate structural adhesives at dow
beta mate com hello and welcome to a new
week of autoline daily I'm John McIlroy
later in the show I will announce the
winners of our latest book contest but
for now the news in a surprisingly frank
admission the United Auto Workers says
it is losing money and has been for
years Reuters reports that UAW president
bob king wants the Union in the black by
2014 he says they can do that by adding
members and cutting costs but the union
needs to boost membership by 50% just to
break even which sounds like an
impossible task right now the union is
spending more money than it is taking in
and it is especially spending it on
organizing as well as political and
legislative efforts it may have to stop
those efforts if it truly wants to break
even from two thousand seven to twenty
eleven the union sold 264 million
dollars in stocks and bonds to pay for
day-to-day operations well here's my
auto line in sight this suggests the
union is selling off the stock that it
got from GM Ford and Chrysler to fund
its vibha Trust which pays for the
health care of its members and retirees
and this kind of deficit spending is a
recipe for disaster GM's marketing
strategy has been in the news the past
few days last week the company announced
it will stop advertising on Facebook and
how the general says it plans to skip
next year's Super Bowl gM says
advertising on the game is too expensive
a 30-second ad is selling for 3.8
million dollars and that's up from 3.5
mm
in last year gM says that this along
with other efforts to consolidate its
advertising will help it save two
billion dollars on advertising over the
next five years there's big changes
taking place inside Toyota according to
Ward's autocom the company is making
design a central part of its comeback
plan to regain sales and market share
that were lost from quality problems
that unintended acceleration issue and
the tsunami in Japan for decades now the
Japanese automaker has focused on things
like quality fuel economy and
practicality those are essential
attributes of a good car but they are
boring today even Toyota's customers are
attracted to evocative styling we are
already starting to see some changes the
new scion fr-s is a hoot and a half to
drive and the upcoming Avalon has a
stylish new body the company's newfound
passion is pouring right from the top of
the company from CEO Akio Toyoda his new
slogan is waku dokey which means let's
do something from the heart in related
news Toyota plans to establish a new
brand in China one dedicated to new
energy vehicles the company is looking
to develop and manufacture hybrids and
EVs in the country with its joint
venture partners fa w and quan chi it
also plans to bring advanced battery and
electric motor technology to China
Toyota's first hybrid vehicles built in
the country are expected to come out in
2015 they forget all that talk that car
sales may be softening in the American
market wardsauto is forecasting that
sales this month could hit 1.4 1,000,000
units the highest that they've been for
any month since august of 2007 that
would translate to a SAR of 14.5 six
million units and while the rest of the
economy is sluggish the auto industry is
expected to see sales grow throughout
the year I'm Isaac Bouchard in Santa
Barbara California with the
w's latest way to upstage everyone else
at the valet I report coming up at
bridgestone we are highly passionate
about tire performance and today we want
to announce our intent to take our
passion and technologies and bring them
to the world of sports I give you the
Bridgestone performance balls and Puck
some of the world's great athletes will
be helping us test these new products
which have the potential to
revolutionize sports as we know it mr.
vital you must have a question at
Bridgestone our passion for performance
knows no bounds of all the ways you
could get to this picturesque slice of
California wine country a tour bus a
plane a train nothing will compare to
this the all-new BMW 6-series gran coupe
the all-new 6-series gran coupe is about
four and a half inches longer than the
six series coupe it has a lower trunk
lid which gives it that basically sporty
or rear and most of the rear extension
most of the extension of the vehicle is
in the rear for the backseat passengers
you also have a four plus one seating so
you are able to seat five in the vehicle
if you look at the hofmeister kink it
has grand coupe written in the
hofmeister pink and then the design
changes on the front are minor but the
air dam intake is larger and it has
horizontal slats Mercedes was first to
recognize and exploit the four-door
coupe niche but being fashionably late
to a party doesn't matter if you wear
your sheet metal this well and
accessorize like this the 640 Gran Coupe
lunches on june 23rd the v8 models which
receive the technical update to the n 63
engine which include 45 more horsepower
and 30 more pounds feet of torque that
starts production in July and goes on
sale in the fall of 2012 all pricing is
released at 76,000 for the 640i 80 6546
50 and 80 9500 for the 650i xdrive gran
coupe and none of those prices include
destination and handling which
895 dollars dynamically the grand coupe
is not a world-beater the powertrain is
more than adequate the 3 litre
turbocharged six-cylinder and
eight-speed automatic have ample power
in fact I cannot imagine what the
twin-turbo v8 with over a hundred more
horses is going to be like but the
electric assist steering is kind of numb
and the chassis while it has great body
control suffers from a patter II
low-speed ride that's going to upset
people in an urban situation but let's
face it people are not going to buy the
grand coupe for the way it drives
they're going to buy it for the way it
looks and simply put it is the
best-looking car in its class from
California Central Coast I'm Isaac
Bouchard for autoline daily anyway
before I sign off I've got to announce
the winners of our latest contest we're
giving away three copies of bridge
builder a book just published by dr.
valter keep the longest-serving member
of Volkswagens supervisory boring to
enter all you had to do was send us your
name and address we picked three
entrance at random and the lucky winners
our victim is lança Phillip Jacob and
Michael Myers thanks to all of you that
entered and we really appreciate your
enthusiasm also dr. keep was our guest
on the latest episode of auto line this
week which you can check out on our
website at auto line that TV and that
wraps up today's show thanks for
watching we'll see you tomorrow
you